👋 Hi, I’m @peterguy

I have been a software engineer and general man-about-town in related fields for nearly three decades. Now that I think about it, I should be better at this stuff than I am. :-)

These days, I work mostly in Java, with a large helping of shell script. I don't confine myself to those venerable languages, but tend to use whatever is at hand; finding myself slowly replacing shell scripting with python and node. I've dabbled regularly on the Dark Side with classic VB back in the day (cut my teeth on VB DLLs), and now C# and some .Net VB, along with a little Windows batch scripting as I can get away with, and some scattered PowerShell. I still do a fair amount with SOAP abd XML, to my chagrin, but have also done my share of REST and JSON. When it comes to web work, I find that my deficits as a visual designer really shine. :-) I can keep up with JavaScript, but get fumble-fingered when it comes to CSS and layout. I usually manage to muddle my way through, but my strengths lie in working with machines, not people. ;-) On the server side, along with to Java Servlets (no JSP, thank you!), I've had good exposure to PHP, and more recently, node. I never could get going with RoR. I have written back-ends in C#, and XLM/XSL, but have regretted it later. :-)

In addition to my software development experience, I have also spent time in the BOFH arena. I started out as a systems/network administrator, in fact, before graduating to a VB DLL programmer. Moved the company from an ISDN to a T1, come to think of it, along with building desktop machines (R.I.P. Fry's), managing Windows NT boxen, and figuring out the PBX. I have continued to work with various systems and technologies along the way, from Oracle (database, Forms, WebLogic), to Cisco (although my knowledge there is quite rusty), and with Linux, Solaris, FreeBSD, OSX, MacOS, and of course Windows. I started poking around in Docker years ago, but was slow to get started in it, so it's only been recently that I've done any serious work with it. I was, however, familiar with and using chroot and jails in FreBSD before that, which counts for something, right? :-) I've not kept up with some of the more hip languages recently - Go, Rust, Dart, or Swift, or whatever else those dang kids have come up with now. ;-) As a Java programmer, though, I do appreciate Kotlin and use it occasionally.

Whew, well, that sounds like I do nothing but eat, sleep, and breathe programming! Well, yeah: who else would be writing so much about themselves on GitHub? ;-) As unlikely as it seems, I do have a quite full life outside of my software interests. I have a passel of children, too many pets, some livestock, and a garden that is always too big to manage.

<!---
peterguy/peterguy is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
